## Welcome to the Spryker Commerce OS getting started guide.

We structured this page to be a step-by-step checklist that you will be able to follow you through all the stages of working with Spryker.
Step 1: Install Spryker
Step 2: Manage your Modules
Step 3: Configuration Tasks
Step 4: Familiarizing Yourself with the Directory Structure
Step 5: The Development Virtual Machine
Step 6: Debugging

## Where to go from here?

To better understand the Spryker Commerce OS, the next step is to visit our Architecture Overview. If you are familiar with our architecture, try on of these other resources:

*     The development guide where you will find API documentation and instructions describing how to extend Spryker Capabilities.
*     The module guide for an overview of each module and previous versions
*     Tooling guide, how to test code quality, monitoring, logging, deployment and hosting
*     Ecosystem Guide for information about our third party technology partners and how to integrate with them.
*     Advanced development concepts - a deeper look into the Spryker Commerce OS architecture, naming and design concepts
*     Check out our how-tos and tutorials

## Academy Navigation


To navigate through content, click on an option from the right-hand table of contents or use the search (above).

You can also use navigation buttons on the top right corner of page:

*     Navigate previous button takes you the page preceding the one you are currently on.
*     Navigate next button takes you to the page that goes next after the page you are currently on.
*     To improve readability, all long code samples and texts have been placed in collapsible areas. Use the Expand all button to expand and collapse long text and code samples or click on a single item to view.
*     To print a page, click Print button.
*     Use Edit on GitHub button to ask a question regarding the page content or request a change to it.

