As a staring point to working with the Spryker Commerce OS, we created a list of all the capabilities we have to offer that arrive out-of-the-box.

For your convenience we mark every feature whether it is a part of B2C or a B2B or the Legacy Demoshop .

What to know more? Learn about Demo Shops we provide.

Capabilities are high level descriptions of what a certain facet of Spryker can do. Each Capability is mapped to a list of Features. A Feature is a specific aspect of a Capability, for example, the Cart Capability includes the features, "Cart Functionality" and "Calculations, Cart Rules" and "Discounts and Multiple Carts Per User". All the features together help to define the exact scope of a Capability. This helps us to guide you to the relevant functionality you are looking for. Each Feature has its own distinct functionality, this is the actionable information about a feature and describes the different activities you can perform with a feature like, Add, Delete, Modify, Extend etc. The Functionality for each Feature is listed according to user type to help distinguish between content intended for Developers (PHP Developers and Front End Developers), End Users who work with the Administration Interface (Category Managers, Sales, Marketing and Finance or any other people involved in creating and customizing your main interaction point with your customers), and E-commerce users (shop administrators who manage the account in the shop application).

Look out for pop-ups present on the feature pages:

* ML defines that feature is compatible within the multi-language environment.
* MS specifies that the feature will work with multiple stores concept.
* MC is added when the feature can be used with multiple currencies.