CMS blocks can be used for adding content such as banners, charts, static links, banner images or similar items to be displayed throughout the online store.

You can create, view and edit CMS block appearance and content in the WYSIWYG editor. In the Blocks section, you can add CMS blocks to a CMS page, a product detail page or a category product page. Also, if you have several stores configured, you can define in which stores CMS blocks can be visible. You can create promotional banners and specify how long the block is available in your online store by setting Valid from and Valid to values. Moreover, you can enable or disable the block per locale by activating or deactivating it in the Back Office.

@(Warning)()(You can work with CMS blocks after they have been installed for your project.)

***
**What's next?**

* To know more about how to add a CMS block to a page, see the _Creating a CMS Block_ article.
* To know more about how to update and view CMS blocks, see the _Managing CMS Blocks_ article.
* To learn more about how to set up the validity period during which a CMS block is visible on the shop website, see the _Defining the Validity Period for CMS Blocks_ article.
* To know more about how to enable or disable a CMS block, see the _Enabling/Disabling a CMS Block_ article.
* To know more about how to create Category and Product Detail Pages, see the _Creating Category and Product Detail Pages_ article.
* To learn more about attributes you use to create and edit CMS blocks, see articles in the _CMS Blocks: Reference Information_ section.