This topic describes the procedures that you need to perform to create, edit, and delete roles.
***
To start working with roles, navigate to the **Users Control -> Roles** section.
***
## Creating a Role
To create a role: 
1. On the **Role list** table view page, click **Add new Role** in the top right corner. 
2. On the **Create new Role** page, enter the name of the role and click **Create**. 
This will redirect you to the **Edit Role** page where you define the permissions that this role will possess.
3. In the **Rule** section, enter and select the following and click **Add Rule**:
    * Bundle
    * Controller
    * Action
    * Permission
See the _Roles: Reference Information_ article to know more about the attributes that you need to enter.
@(Warning)(Note)(You can add from one to many rules to a specific role. Each time you click **Add rule**, the created rule appears in the **Assigned Rules** section.)

You have set up a role to be assigned to a group. 
***
**Tips & Tricks**
In case you need a specific role to have access to all sections, you can put an asterisk (*) value for a bundle, controller, and action. Add _allow for permission_. This will grant access to everything you see in Back Office and allow to perform any action.
***

## Editing a Role
To edit a role:

1. In the **Role list > Actions** column, click **Edit** for a specific role.  
2. On the **Edit Role** page, you can:
    1. Add more rules to the role.
    2. Delete the already assigned rule by clicking **Delete** in the **Assigned Rules > Actions** column.
***
## Deleting a Role
To delete a role: 

1. In the **Role list > Actions** column, click **Delete** for the role that needs to be deleted.
2. This action will permanently delete the record. 
***
**Tips & Tricks**
While updating the role, you can initiate a new role creation flow.

To do that:
1. Click **Create role** in the top right corner of the **Edit Role** page. 
    The **Create new Role** page opens. 
2. Repeat the steps described in the _Creating a Role_ procedure.
***
**What's next?**
You need to create a group to assign this role to it. See the _Creating a Group_ section in the _Managing Groups_ article.