This HowTo provides the steps on how to extend the list of the packaging unit types available by default (box, bag, palette etc.) by importing packaging unit information and types using a .CSV file. 

@(Warning)(Note)(Keep in mind that packaging unit type import should happen first, otherwise, you won't be able to import packaging units if the types haven't been present yet.)

## Importing Packaging Unit Types
The .CSV file for import must have a name field populated.

To import packaging units types, in the `ProductPackagingUnitDataImport/data/import/product_packaging_unit.csv` file, run the following command:

```bash
console data:import product-packaging-unit-type
```

If you want to import packaging unit types from your file, indicate a path to it:

```bash
console data:import product-packaging-unit-type -f path_to_file.csv
```

The imported packaging unit types will appear in the *spy_product_packaging_unit_type* database table.

## Importing Packaging Units Information
You can import the following product packaging unit information using a .CSV file:

* Define a packaging unit for a specific product concrete by populating `concrete_sku` and `packaging_unit_type_name` fields.
Both fields are required.

* Decide if the packaging unit uses the lead product stock by setting **1** or **0** for the `has_lead_product` field.
The default value is 0.

* Define a lead product in the `is_lead_product` field. If `is_lead_product` is set to 1, no `spy_product_packaging_unit_amount` record is created. Thus, the `default_amount`, `is_variable`, `amount_*` columns are ignored. Also, when `is_lead_product` is set to 1, `has_lead_product` is to be 0.
The default value of the `is_lead_product` field is 0.

* Set amount restrictions (is_variable=1) when the product is a non-leading product.
By default, `is_variable`, `amount_min`, `amount_max`, `amount_interval` are set to 0.

To import packaging units information from the `ProductPackagingUnitDataImport/data/import/product_packaging_unit.csv` file, run the following command:

```bash
console data:import product-packaging-unit
```

If you want to import packaging unit data from your file, indicate a path to it:

```bash
console data:import product-packaging-unit -f path_to_file.csv
```

The import will populate the `spy_product_packaging_unit`, `spy_product_packaging_unit_amount` and `spy_product_packaging_lead_product`, `spy_product_packaging_unit_amount` tables with the respective data.

After the import, the packaging unit information is saved to the storage: in the **Back Office**, under the **Maintenace > Storage** menu, there are Redis keys: `product_abstract_packaging:{redis_key_suffix_column}`.

@(Info)(Info)(In the current implementation each packaging unit and lead product has to define sales units. It's enough to define the default "item" as a base unit for the abstract and to define also "item" as one and only sales unit for both the leading product and all related packaging units.)