As technology is developing at a rapid pace, B2B businesses need agility and flexibility to control their purchases in order to stay competitive. The Approval Process feature helps to achieve this goal: it enables B2B customers to have multiple people contributing to the ordering process but require the approval from the manager to proceed with the checkout. 

1. The Approval Process feature provided by Spryker Commerce OS is a compliant solution for setting the flexible buying process of your business. The Approval Process enables B2B customers to have multiple people contributing to the ordering process but require the approval from the manager to proceed with the order.  Permissions related to approval process are configured based on the restrictions applied to a [company role](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/company-roles-permissions-overview). Generally, the Approval Process is initiated when the cart total exceeds a certain amount set in the *Buy up to grand total* permissions. For instance, an employee in a company may have first to send their order to the manager for approval if the total order cost is above a certain amount. Only after the manager has received the request and approved the order, the buyer can go to the checkout.

However, in order to control your expenses, the Approval process can be set up despite the limit set in the permissions. This is the case when the employee needs formal approval or advice from the manager by letting them know about the upcoming order.

When a company user requests approval for their cart, the cart gets locked and the users are not able to edit it.

The order approval workflow is an excellent solution for your business that improves the buying process of the company making it transparent and streamlined. With the Approval Process established, you will prevent your company from getting the wrong or unnecessary orders and thus losing money.

## If you are:

<div class="mr-container">
    <div class="mr-list-container">
        <!-- col1 -->
        <div class="mr-col">
            <ul class="mr-list mr-list-green">
                <li class="mr-title">Developer</li>
                <li><a href="https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/approval-process-overview-202001" class="mr-link">Familiarize yourself with the Approval Process feature</a></li>
                <li><a href="#" class="mr-link">Learn about Cart Lock functionality</a></li>
                 <li><a href="#" class="mr-link">Enable Approval Process feature for your project</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <!-- col2 -->
         <div class="mr-col">
            <ul class="mr-list mr-list-green">
                <li class="mr-title">Back Office User</li>
                <li><a href="https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/approval-process-overview-202001" class="mr-link">Familiarize yourself with the Approval Process feature</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
        <!-- col3 -->
        <div class="mr-col">
            <ul class="mr-list mr-list-red">
                <li class="mr-title">Shop User</li>
                <li><a href="#" class="mr-link">B2B admin: Configure permission Place Order on Permissions Page on Company Account</a></li>
                <li><a href="#" class="mr-link">Configure Approval Limit permission for an Approver</a></li>
                <li><a href="#" class="mr-link">Buyer: Submit a cart for approval</a></li>
                <li><a href="#" class="mr-link">Approver: Approve/Decline a cart</a></li>
                <li><a href="#" class="mr-link">Add Approver as a Company Role and assign respective permissions</a></li>
            </ul>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
        