The **Content Items Widgets** feature allows Back Office users to display content on the store website by inserting content items in any placeholders of blocks and pages in the WYSIWYG editor. The widgets include the following content item types: Banner, Product Set, File, and Abstract Product List that can also contain its Product Groups.

@(Info)()(See _Content Item Widgets types: Reference Information_ to learn more about the types of content item widgets and examples of their usage.)

A Back Office user can add content to the storefront and enrich the page using the content items widget with its templates.

@(Warning)()(Prior to proceeding with content items widgets, make sure that they have been enabled for your project <!-- link to IG-->.)

You can work with widgets on the **Edit Placeholders** page of the **Pages** or **Blocks** menu. See _Adding Content Items Widgets to Pages and Blocks_ for more details.

<!-- ../../../Resources/Images/CMS/Content Item Widgets/content-item-menu-page.png -->
Additionally, you can make some changes to the widget, such as:

* To edit the content item widget.
* To edit the content item.
* To delete the content item widget.

@(Warning)()(Keep in mind that starting with the version **201907.0**, the **content widget** menu button has been disabled in the WYSIWYG editor. However, a developer can enable this button on a project level. See _HowTo - Enable the CMS content widgets button in the WYSIWYG editor_ for more details.)

_Last review date: Jul 18, 2019_

<!--by Yuliia Boiko-->

<!-- Once published, add  the following docs to the Related section

Familiarize yourself with the Content Items feature
Adding a content items widget to a page
Adding a content items widget to a block
Overview and usage example of available widgets
Publishing CMS pages in the Back Office
Content Item Widgets: Reference Information

-->