CMS widget is the content snippet you can add and edit in the WYSIWYG editor. The CMS widget feature allows shop administrators to manage the way products, product groups, and products sets or other content, like charts and CMS blocks, is displayed on CMS pages. Therefore, with CMS widgets, the content of CMS pages can be made more dynamic and personalized. This may be important if you want to offer special deals or adjust the content for a specific case, for example, by inserting a banner or to hold marketing campaigns, sales, or promotional events.

With CMS widgets available in the shop application, you can easily create and manage content on CMS pages and blocks by simply adding a widget and entering a respective identifier in the CMS page editor of the Administration interface. In addition, it is possible to control, depending on your needs, when the content will be visible on the page by setting a validity range.

Multiple templates allow you to define which template is used per widget. Thus, you as a shop administrator can specify what template design will be used, for example, for a product group widget.

To sum up, CMS Widgets will help you to enrich the content of your CMS pages and blocks, as well as effectively implement your marketing campaigns and activities. CMS Widgets can also improve customer experience and provide more opportunities for your customers to interact with your store.

| Developer | Back Office User | Shop User |
| --- |--- |--- |
| Get a general idea of the CMS Widget feature | Get a general idea of the CMS Widget feature | Get a general idea of the CMS Widget feature | Add CMS widgets to a CMS page |
| Enable CMS widgets |Manage CMS widgets |  |

_Last review date: Feb 26, 2019_ <!-- by Yuliia Boiko -->



