This topic describes the attributes that you see and enter on different product's pages.
***
## Products Overview Page
On the **Products** page, you see the following:
* Product ID (autogenerated), name and SKU
* The tax set applied to this product
* The number of variants this product has
***
A set of following examples will help you to understand what your online store customers will see once you set up volume prices, product alternatives, original and default prices, and discontinue a product. As well as you will find an example of a product bundle.
***
## Volume Prices
Let's say you have a product that you want to sell with a special price if a user wants to buy a specific number of the same product. For example, a Smartphone with a flash memory equals 16GB costs 25 Euros per item, but you have defined that if a user buys three items, the cost will be 23 Euros instead of 25. 
@(Embed)(https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/Volume%20prices.mp4){height="320" width="640"}

## Discontinued Products and its Alternatives
Let's say the Smartphone with a flash memory equals 16GB is no longer popular and it is more efficient for you to discontinue it. But you need to propose some replacements for it to make sure that the user journey will be successful.
You will discontinue this product variant and set up other products to be displayed as alternatives. 
@(Embed)(https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/Discontinued%20and%20Alternative.mp4){height="320" width="640"}

## Product Bundles
Let's say you want to simplify the user journey and allow buying a bundle of products that are commonly used together (e.g. pens, notebooks, copy paper, and other stationery).
You create a bundle for that purpose.
@(Embed)(https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/Bundle.mp4){height="320" width="640"}

## Default and Original Prices
If you want to display the difference in price in order to show what the price was before and how it changed, you add both, Default and Original prices. 
The default prices are displayed in the online store as a current price, while the original one is displayed strikethrough.
@(Embed)(https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/default%20and%20original.mp4){height="320" width="640"}