2018.11.0/ac06d431-82da-4942-bbe4-3f4df89c3b37.md, before:

The topic describes how to create a category and a product details page by assigning CMS blocks to those pages.
***
This might be useful if you decided to hold a marketing campaign, a set of activities (sales, discounts) geared towards some event or add a banner to the page. In this case, you can embed a CMS block containing the marketing content that will be displayed only on category or product detail pages you specify.
***
To start creating the category or product detail pages, navigate to the **Content Management > Blocks** section.
***
## Assigning a Block to a Category Page
To create a category page:
1. On the **Overview of CMS Blocks** page in the _Actions_ column, click **Edit Block** next to the block you would like to use to create a page.
@(Warning)()(You can only add existing, active, and not expired block. If the block has not been created yet, See the _Creating a CMS Block_ article first.)
2. On the **Edit CMS Block: Block ID** page that opens, put a cursor on the container where the CMS block will be displayed depending on your design requirements:

    * Categories: top
    * Categories: middle
    * Categories: bottom
![container](https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/categories-position%281%29.png){height="" width=""}

@(Info)()(See  _CMS Block: Reference Information_  to learn more about attributes displayed on the **Edit CMS Block: Block ID** page.)

3. From the drop-down list, select the category which this block will be assigned to.
4. To keep the changes, click **Save**.
***
## Assigning a Block to a Product Detail Page
To create a product detail page:
1. On the **Overview of CMS Blocks** page in the _Actions_ column, click **Edit Block** next to the block you would like to use to create a page.
@(Warning)()(You can only add existing, active, and not expired block. If the block has not been created yet, See the _Creating a CMS Block_ article first.)
2. Scroll down the page to the **Products** field and put a cursor there. 

@(Info)()(See  _CMS Block: Reference Information_  to learn more about attributes displayed on the **Edit CMS Block: Block ID** page.)

![product detail page](https://cdn.document360.io/9fafa0d5-d76f-40c5-8b02-ab9515d3e879/Images/Documentation/product-page-block%281%29.png){height="" width=""}

3. From the drop-down list, select any of the suggested abstract products.  
4. To keep the changes, click **Save**.

Commit message:

Files updated: Assigning Blocks to Category or Product PagesAssigning Blocks to Category or Product Pages

2018.11.0/ac06d431-82da-4942-bbe4-3f4df89c3b37.md, after:

The topic describes how to create a category and a product details page by assigning CMS blocks to those pages.
***
This might be useful if you decided to hold a marketing campaign, a set of activities (sales, discounts) geared towards some event or add a banner to the page. In this case, you can embed a CMS block containing the marketing content that will be displayed only on category or product detail pages you specify.
***
To start creating the category or product detail pages, navigate to the **Content Management > Blocks** section.
***
## Assigning a Block to a Category Page
To create a category page:
1. On the **Overview of CMS Blocks** page in the _Actions_ column, click **Edit Block** next to the block you would like to use to create a page.
@(Warning)()(You can only add existing, active, and not expired block. If the block has not been created yet, see the [Creating a CMS Block](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/creating-cms-block) article first.)
2. On the **Edit CMS Block: Block ID** page that opens, put a cursor on the container where the CMS block will be displayed depending on your design requirements:

    * Categories: top
    * Categories: middle
    * Categories: bottom
![Position blocks on a category page](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/User+Guides/Back+Office+User+Guides/Content+Management+System/Blocks/Assigning+Blocks+to+Category+or+Product+Pages/categories-position.png){height="" width=""}

@(Info)()(See  [CMS Block: Reference Information](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/cms-block-reference-information)  to learn more about attributes displayed on the **Edit CMS Block: Block ID** page.)

3. From the drop-down list, select the category which this block will be assigned to.
4. To keep the changes, click **Save**.
***
## Assigning a Block to a Product Detail Page
To create a product detail page:
1. On the **Overview of CMS Blocks** page in the _Actions_ column, click **Edit Block** next to the block you would like to use to create a page.
@(Warning)()(You can only add existing, active, and not expired block. If the block has not been created yet, see the [Creating a CMS Block](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/creating-cms-block) article first.)
2. Scroll down the page to the **Products** field and put a cursor there. 

@(Info)()(See  [CMS Block: Reference Information](https://documentation.spryker.com/v4/docs/cms-block-reference-information)  to learn more about attributes displayed on the **Edit CMS Block: Block ID** page.)

![Assign blocks to a product detail page](https://spryker.s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/docs/User+Guides/Back+Office+User+Guides/Content+Management+System/Blocks/Assigning+Blocks+to+Category+or+Product+Pages/product-page-block.png){height="" width=""}

3. From the drop-down list, select any of the suggested abstract products.  
4. To keep the changes, click **Save**.
