Find the best hosting platform to integrate your e-commerce solution:

* <b>Claranet</b>
Claranet is your innovative partner for hosting your Spryker Shop. E-commerce businesses face the challenge of constantly delivering new features while guaranteeing a safe and performant operation. As one of Europe's leading managed IT services providers we bring your demands for availability, performance and security into line with the competitive factor agility. We are thus relying on container technologies and a high performance e-commerce stack, enabling you to provide your consumers a high end shopping experience with continuous appearance of new features and high standards of quality. [Find out more](claranet.htm)
* <b>Continum</b>
The Continum AG is a specialist for high-quality enterprise and application hosting according to the highest security requirements. In state-of-the-art data centers in Germany the company provides managed services according to the highest German privacy policy. Continum is certified to ISO/IEC 27001 and to PCI-DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard). Business partners have permanent confidence in the outstanding and reliable competence and performance. [Find out more](continum.htm)
* <b>Metaways</b>
Metaways Infosystems stands for multidimensional managed services in hosting of business-critical web applications and e-commerce platforms. At Metaways, sophisticated and innovative e-commerce projects meet experienced system and software architects. Comprehensive technology knowledge and high method competence for scalable application operation, zero downtime deployments as well as automated system and software testing make Metaways a strong hosting partner for agencies and operators. [Find out more](metaways.htm)
* <b>PlusServer</b>
PlusServer GmbH is the leading managed cloud provider in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. As a cloud optimizer, they offer flexible, reliable and efficient hybrid cloud solutions for medium-sized and large companies from a single source. Thanks to many years of cooperation with leading companies from trade, industry and other sectors, PlusServer GmbH have a deep understanding of the respective trends and challenges. They advise our customers in the choice of architecture and orchestrate all relevant infrastructures to an optimal hybrid cloud environment. They are technology-independent and technically flexible and include dedicated infrastructures, public and private cloud solutions as well as offers from Hyperscalers. [Find out more](plusserver.htm)
* <b>root360</b>
Root360 designs, implements and operates flexible „Managed Cloud Hosting" solutions based on Amazon Web Services (AWS). These solutions range from automatically scalable online shops to complex global portals. Managed Cloud Hosting from root360 combines professional cloud management with Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud infrastructure. [Find out more](root360.htm)
