The Product Options feature is meant for creating and managing product additions. With this feature, online stores can offer their customers an opportunity to add some additional item or service to their products during the product purchase.

Product options are product additions that allow a Shop Administrator to create and add product additions for an abstract product in the Admin UI. Warranty, insurance or gift wrappings for products are examples of product options you can easily manage in your Spryker shop application.

Product options are connected to abstract products. They appear in groups that can have multiple product option values. Each product option value contains a unique identifier and price configuration. On the group level, a tax set is attached to the product option values. Also, each option group can be linked to many different abstract products and vice versa.

Product options do not have stock, but a SKU linked to product abstracts. Thus, you cannot purchase them without buying a corresponding product.

With the Product Options feature, Shop Administrators can:

* create and manage product options
* combine product options into option groups
* create multiple option values in one option group
* define a tax set for an option group
* specify gross and net prices for options values
* assign product options to products

The Product Options feature can improve the shopping experience of your customers. When purchasing products, they can combine them with multiple options and thus be more satisfied with their purchase.

| Developer | Shop Administrator |
| --- |--- |
| Familiarize yourself with terminology and general concept of the Product Options feature | Familiarize yourself with terminology and general concept of the Product Options feature |
| Migrate to a newer version of Product Option module | Create a new product option |
|| Manage Product Options in Admin UI |
|| Activate or Deactivate Product Options |