## Upgrading from version 5.* to 7.0.0
@(Info)()(This module release has been created for internal reasons and does not require migration efforts. Please [contact us](https://support.spryker.com/hc/en-us) if you have any questions.)
## Upgrading from Version 4.* to Version 5.*

1. Update `spryker/product-option` to at least version 6.0.0. You can find additional information to product option module upgrade: here.
2. Install/Update `spryker/price` to at least version 5.0.0. You can find additional information to price module upgrade: here.
3. Update `spryker/product-option-cart-connector` to version 5.0.0.
4. Optionally add `ProductOptionValuePriceExistsCartPreCheckPlugin` to your `CartPreCheckPlugin` list to pre-check product option value price if it exists before switching currency.
Example of plugin registration:
```php
<?php
namespace Pyz\Zed\Cart;

use Spryker\Zed\Cart\CartDependencyProvider as SprykerCartDependencyProvider;
use Spryker\Zed\Kernel\Container;
use Spryker\Zed\ProductOptionCartConnector\Communication\Plugin\ProductOptionValuePriceExistsCartPreCheckPlugin;

class CartDependencyProvider extends SprykerCartDependencyProvider
{
    /**
     * @param \Spryker\Zed\Kernel\Container $container
     *
     * @return \Spryker\Zed\Cart\Dependency\CartPreCheckPluginInterface[]
     */
    protected function getCartPreCheckPlugins(Container $container)
    {
        return [
            ...
            new ProductOptionValuePriceExistsCartPreCheckPlugin(),
            ...
        ];
    }
}
```

5. `ProductOptionCartConnectorToProductOptionInterface` was renamed to `ProductOptionCartConnectorToProductOptionFacadeInterface`. If you have implemented this interface, amend your implementation to use the new name.
6. Additional changes were made to `ProductOptionValueExpander` and to its factory method. Amend your code if you have customized or extended this class.

## See also:
Learn more about Product options
Learn how to migrate Product option
 
_Last review date: Nov. 10th, 2017_ <!-- by Karoly Gerner -->