## Upgrading from version 4.* to 5.0.0
@(Info)()(This module release has been created for internal reasons and does not require migration efforts. Please [contact us](https://support.spryker.com/hc/en-us) if you have any questions.)

## Upgrading from Version 3.* to Version 4.*

In version 4 we have added support for multi-currency. First of all make sure you migrated the Price module. If you extended `ProductBundleCartExpander`, then you have to adapt some code because we changed how price is selected for added bundle products, check that core changes and adapt accordingly. We have also added a new plugin to handle cart reload event.

You will also need to add `\Spryker\Zed\ProductBundle\Communication\Plugin\Cart\CartBundleItemsPreReloadPlugin` plugin to `\Pyz\Zed\Cart\CartDependencyProvider::getPreReloadPlugins()`, this ensures that bundle items are correctly updated when currency is changed and cart reload is invoked.

## Upgrading from Version 2.* to Version 3.*

In version 3 the calculator plugin has been changed together with the new calculator version.

The `ProductBundlePriceAggregatorPlugin` has been moved to the `SalesAggregator` module, so you may need to change the namespace `\Spryker\Zed\SalesAggregator\Communication\Plugin\OrderAmountAggregator\ProductBundlePriceAggregatorPlugin` if you still want to use it.
`aggregator. ProductBundlePriceCalculation` - does not have sales aggregator logic anymore. This class has been adapted to the new calculator concept, if you want to use the old one, use it from `\Spryker\Zed\SalesAggregator\Business\Model\OrderAmountAggregator\ProductBundlePrices`.

## See also:
Learn how to migrate Price
Learn how to migrate Product
 
_Last review date: Nov. 23rd, 2017_ <!-- by Aurimas Ličkus -->