Nowadays, B2B businesses are faced with extraordinary challenges as more and more consumers are making comparisons of various e-commerce applications. To stay on top of the industry trends, improve customer experience and increase sales, every business must innovate with a deep understanding of their customer’s physical, emotional and financial needs and triggers.

Barcodes are often overlooked as a way to cut costs and save time. A valuable and viable choice for businesses looking to improve efficiency and reduce overhead, barcodes are both cost-effective and reliable. Both inexpensive and user-friendly, barcodes provide an indispensable tool for tracking a variety of data, from pricing to inventory. The ultimate result of a comprehensive barcoding system is a reduction in overhead.

Creating barcodes requires 2 main prerequisites:

1. **Unique product codes for each product you offer –** These can be UPC codes that identify manufactured goods, unique SKU numbers that you use to track inventory your way, or other identifying numbers.
2. **A system that lets you input codes to create barcodes –** Your codes need to be entered into a device or software system that can translate the numeric or alphanumeric code into a scannable barcode.

If you are:
| Developer|Shop Administrator|
| --- | --- |
|Familiarize yourself with Barcode Generator | Familiarize yourself with Barcode Generator |
| Enable Barcode Generator for your project |
|Module Guide: ProductBarcode|
| Module Guide: ProductBarcodeGui |
| Module Guide: ProductBarcodeWidget  |