Importing big amount of data into a system can pose a real problem, as, when not optimized, the importing process will most likely be slow and might even affect the overall performance. One of the solutions to help optimizing and speeding up the data import for projects is enabling the use of different types of data writers: Propel or PDO. In case of big data import though, Propel has a negative impact of performance, therefore using it is for big amount of data is not recommended. For such cases, PDO writers would be a better option, as they enable a faster import of data in bulk.

As part of the new PDO data import type implementation, we have also removed duplicate events during import, optimized memory consumption by better queue worker management as well as improved event setting adjustment.

## Data Importers Overview
To import data, currently Propel importer is used by default. However, importing big amount of data with Propel is not the best solution, as Propel importer adds data to database one by one. For example, in case when you have many products and related data (images, prices, etc.) importing them using Propel importer will take lots of time, since this data would need to be written to Redis and Elasticsearch in turns, one after the other.

To import big amount of data, it makes sense to use another type of data importers: PDO writers, as they separate data hydration and writing data. Currently, the following entities support import with PDO:

* ProductPrice
* ProductAbstract
* ProductConcrete
* ProductAbstractStore
* ProductImage
* ProductStock

This means that now you can import product prices, abstract product, concrete products, abstract product stores, product images and product stocks in bulk.

Each PDO data importer reads data one by one as a dataset. For the time being, only CSV format is supported. Data importers use steps to prepare data for writing to database and separate the objects hydration and the persistence layer. The importers can choose one or many plugins for writing the hydrated objects to any resources and the writers choose a plugin to trigger the events for exporting data to Yves.

You can use either Propler or PDO importers (MysqlPDO is not supported, you can choose Properl plugins), and it should be kept in mind that Storage and Search modules need to use same Propel/PDO for persistence.

_Last review date: November 7th, 2018_ <!-- by Helen Kravchenko -->
