Integrate your e-commerce solution with various payment partners:

* <b>Adyen</b>
Adyen is a global payment company that allows businesses to accept e-commerce, mobile, and point-of-sale payments. Adyen has more than 3,500 customers and is listed on the stock exchange Euronext. Adyen offers merchants online services for accepting electronic payments by payment methods including credit cards, bank based payments such as debit cards, bank transfer, and real-time bank transfers based on online banking. Adyen's online payment platform connects to payment methods across the world. Payment methods include international credit cards, local cash-based methods, such as Boleto in Brazil, and Internet banking methods, such as iDEAL in the Netherlands. The technology platform acts as a payment gateway, payment service provider and offers risk management and local acquiring. At the present time, Adyen only accepts European companies that have over 50% of their revenue from the European continent.
* <b>Amazon Pay</b>
Amazon Pay makes it easy for millions of Amazon customers to log in and pay on third party websites using the payment and shipping information stored in their Amazon accounts.
					Amazon Pay can help merchants add new customers, increase sales and turn casual browsers into buyers. It's fast, easy and trusted — leverage the Amazon brand to grow your business. [Find out more](AmazonPay/amazon-pay.htm)
* <b>AfterPay</b>
AfterPay gives you back control of your customer relationship and takes it to the next level. It provides your customers with all the payment flexibility they want while you stay in charge of and extend the branded checkout experience. And it sharpens your competitive edge by sharing their purchasing data with you, so you know who your best customers are and how to retarget them. [Find out more](AfterPay/afterpay.htm)
* <b>Arvato</b>
Arvato Financial Solutions (AFS) represents the professional outsourcing of financial services and integrated commercial management. In the business unit Risk Management AFS supports all risk- and profit-oriented decisions along the customer lifecycle. risk solution services (rss) represents a holistic risk management solution. This e-commerce industry solution allows an evaluation of the profitability of your customer relationships through an early identification of credit and fraud risks. With an active payment method selection you can offer your customer only appropriate payment methods according to their risk profile –  online and in real time. [Find out more](Arvato/arvato.htm)
* <b>Billpay</b>
BillPay is the DACH market leader for the preferred, local payment methods Invoice, Direct Debit and Installments, making real-time financing decisions with 100% liability shift, so merchants carry zero risk. As only a bank account is required, these payment methods ensure full customer reach. In addition, BillPay's solution is multi-channel so orders can be placed online, through mobile web apps, at the POS or over-the-phone. [Find out more](BillPay/billpay.htm)
* <b>BS Payone</b>
BS PAYONE GmbH is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main and is one of the leading omnichannel-payment providers in Europe. In addition to providing customer support to numerous Savings Banks (Sparkasse) the full-service payment service provider also provides cashless payment transaction services to more than 255,000 customers from stationary trade to the automated and holistic processing of e-commerce and mobile payments. [Find out more](PayOne/payone-v1-1.htm)
* <b>Computop</b>
Computop is a leading global payment service provider that supplies compliant and secure payment solutions and fraud prevention. The payment platform Paygate offers smooth omnichannel payment with more than 200 payment methods. As a global player, Computop with its headquarters in Bamberg, Germany, and additional offices in China, the UK and the US, processes transactions totalling $24 billion per year for its client network of over 14,000 large international merchants and global marketplace partners. [Find out more](Computop/computop.htm)
* <b>Heidelpay</b>
Heidelpay is an internationally operating payment institution, authorized and regulated by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. The Full-Service Payment Provider covers the entire range of services connected to international electronic payment processing. For more than 13 years the company has been successfully realizing projects of online and stationary retailers and currently serves more than 16.000 customers in many different industrial sectors worldwide. [Find out more](Heidelpay/heidelpay.htm)
* <b>Klarna</b>
Klarna was founded in 2005 in Stockholm, Sweden with the aim of making it easier for people to shop online. In the last 12 years, technology has evolved, excited and transformed the world around us, yet our mission remains as relevant as ever, to make paying as simple, safe and above all, smooth as possible. Klarna is now one of Europe's largest banks and is providing payment solutions for 60 million consumers across 70,000 merchants in 18 countries. Klarna offers direct payments, pay after delivery options and installment plans in a smooth one-click purchase experience that lets consumers pay when and how they prefer to. When the company acquired SOFORT in 2014 the Klarna Group was formed. [Find out more](Klarna/klarna.htm)
* <b>Payolution</b>
Payolution offers white label solutions for the payment options — invoice, instalment, monthly invoice, and direct debit — available in Austria, Germany, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. As a mid-sized merchant or a global brand, you will benefit from Payolution's expertise in a seamless omni-channel integration of these payment options. Payolution offers a 100% payment guarantee — they pay you regardless when or if your customer pays you. Payolution's white label approach focuses on you as a merchant, your brand, your conversion and a fair customer support. [Find out more](Payolution/payolution.htm)
* <b>Ratepay</b>
RatePAY is a German Fintech company that offers intelligent payment solutions with 100% loss protection for the handling of the most popular paylater models like invoice and instalments on the internet for the DACH region. Our easy payment methods are among the most popular payment solutions in Germany. One of the reasons lies in the flexibility of our products, since the customer pays only for the goods he decides to keep. As one of only a few payment service companies, RatePAY has been granted a license under the German Payment Services Oversight Act (ZAG) by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) and is now able to offer customers an even more comprehensive service. Founded in December 2009, the start-up from Berlin has developed itself into a profitable company with more than 140 employees. In April 2017, RatePAY was acquired by the investors Advent International and Bain Capital. [Find out more](RatePay/ratepay.htm)
* <b>PayPal</b>
Braintree, a division of PayPal, is a company based in Chicago that specializes in mobile and web payment systems for ecommerce companies. Braintree emphasizes its easy integrations, multiple payment method options (including PayPal and Venmo), simple pricing, security, and support. Braintree provides its customers with a merchant account and a payment gateway, along with various features including recurring billing, credit card storage, support for mobile and international payments, and PCI compliance solutions. [Find out more](Braintree/braintree.htm)

